---
title: 'Install Nuxt Skew Protection'
description: 'Get started with Nuxt Skew Protection by installing the dependency to your project.'
navigation:
  title: 'Installation'
---

## Setup Module

Not sure what Skew Protection is? Check out the [introduction](/docs/skew-protection/getting-started/introduction).

To get started with Nuxt Skew Protection, you need to install the dependency and add it to your Nuxt config.

:ModuleInstall{name="skew-protection"}

::note
**License:** Nuxt Skew Protection requires a [Nuxt SEO Pro](https://nuxtseo.com/pro) license.
::

## Configure Module

### 1. Persistent Storage

Build asset preservation is enabled once the module is installed. For it to work correctly you must also configure [persistence storage](/docs/skew-protection/guides/storage-configuration) so that previous build assets are stored and accessible.

In cases where you're already using a CDN with long cache times on `/_nuxt/**` assets, you may want to [disable persistent storage](/docs/skew-protection/guides/storage-configuration#disabling-persistent-storage).

::note
This site uses [GitHub Actions caching](/docs/skew-protection/guides/storage-configuration#github-actions) to persist build assets between deployments.
::

### 2. Understand How Updates Are Detected

The module automatically detects the best strategy to check for updates based on your deployment environment. To understand
what that means for your app and how to customize it, see the documentation on how to [configure an update strategy](/docs/skew-protection/guides/update-strategies).

::note
This site uses [Cloudflare Durable Objects](/docs/skew-protection/guides/storage-configuration#github-actions) to check for updates via WebSockets.
::

### 3. Add UI Component

Finally, to notify your users of new versions you need to add the [notification component](/docs/skew-protection/guides/immediate-updates) to your app.

This will only be shown when the user's loaded chunks are invalidated by a new deployment.

:SkewProtectionDemo

You can implement this UI yourself using the [Minimal Pill Notification](/docs/skew-protection/guides/ui-examples#minimal-pill) example.

## Verifying Installation

You can verify the installation by checking your deployed Nuxt App Manifest file at [/_nuxt/builds/latest.json](https://nuxtseo.com/_nuxt/builds/latest.json), which should now include previous build manifests.

It's recommended to perform a test deployment modifying your `app.vue` to trigger an update notification in your browser.

## Next Steps

You've successfully installed Nuxt Skew Protection and configured it for your project.

- Check your [Cookie Consent integration](/docs/skew-protection/guides/cookie-consent) if applicable.
- Explore advanced [module configuration options](/docs/skew-protection/api/config) to customize behavior.
